C++: Add support for getting literals in using declarations (#19603)
github/codeql: cpp/ql/lib/change-notes/2025-05-28-using-template.md

---
category: feature
---

> * Added `getReferencedMember` to extract the member referenced by a `using` declaration in a templated base class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a predicate `getReferencedMember` to `UsingDeclarationEntry`, which yields a member depending on a type template parameter.
```
